You will win the lottery next year!
Next time you write code, it will run correctly on the first try.
A big opportunity will come up soon, take it.
Tomorrow you will meet someone who will change your life for the better.
You are going to get married within the next year.
A new job opportunity will be coming your way.
You will meet the love of your life tomorrow.
Be sure to think before you speak on Wednesday.
You will be very persuasive in your arguments this year.
You will meet someone who exposes you to exciting new ideas. Be sure to spend time with them.
A nice surprise is on the way.
An old friend will surprise you with their maturity.
Some questions have no right answer, just flip a coin and hope for the best.
There are riches in your future.
Remember next week to be wary of offers that seem too good to be true.
Be careful next Tuesday.
You will get to pet a very adorable dog.
Grab your swimsuit! I see a heatwave next week. Best to head for the beach.
It's going to be a chilly afternoon. Grab a sweater.
Reflect carefully on your options.
Live in the moment.
You have a big decision ahead of you. Don’t be afraid to take the risk.
If you see a butterfly next to you, be sure to follow it.
There is magic all around us.
There are storm clouds brewing on the horizon.
You will have great success in all of your future endeavors. 
You will soon choose a new favorite color.
It is too late.
Just keep applying yourself, you will achieve success.
You will get to have some delicious ice cream soon.
You are going to have a very fun summer.
There be dragons, stay alert
A little bit of planning will save you a lot of headache down the line
Try to take a dance class.
Unexpected fame will soon surprise you. How exciting!
Inspiration is in your future.
There is a typo on line 37 of your code. Make sure to fix it!
Make sure to use python for your next project.
You will have a profound realization regarding your favorite cookie.
You are your own spirit animal.
You will soon receive a gift from someone unexpected.
The dice you roll are not as random as they appear.
You may soon be a stranger in a strange land.
You are going to land your dream job soon.
Just make sure to take it easy.
Do not forget to pay off your monthly balance.
Do not forget to take a break and find time to be creative.
We are but the sum of the people we surround ourselves with.
Remember to hydrate.
Never underestimate the power of a good nap.
Everything is really just perspective.
Your biggest stress will soon go away.
It is going to rain sometimes and you just have to accept that.
Be cautious.
Money is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for happiness.
You should you when you have to move on.
Do not forget to stand still and breathe it in sometimes.
It is okay to want some alone time.
You should remember to connect with nature.
Invest in a comfortable pillow.
In three years, you will have your own tv show.
Be open to new opportunities around you. 
You will find a new hobby.
You will climb a building next Wednesday.
A friend of yours will share wonderful news with you in a week.
For one day next Tuesday, everything will be just fine.
There will be no clouds on the second Saturday of next month.
An unexpected visitor will arrive; welcome them. You won’t regret it.
You will miss an opportunity. But this is okay; for there are others you will claim.
Your pet will be over-excited on Tuesday.
Your favorite brand of cereal will increase in price at the supermarket. 
You will run into a favorite celebrity on Thursday.
You will engage in a useless Twitter battle next month.
You will host SNL.
You will find something that had been lost for so long you had forgotten about it.
You will lose something important to you.
You will lose something unimportant to you.
An old teacher will send you a message.
You will get back in touch with somebody you were worried you had lost.
Your boss will have news for you on Friday.
There will be a sale at your favorite store on Wednesday.
Be wary of mushrooms on Friday.
Something will break on Saturday.
Do not worry about that thing, because it will be resolved in a few days.
There will be a minor earthquake in your area early next week.
A lot of rain is coming. Best to purchase an umbrella.
Do not answer the telephone on Thursday.
Make sure to pick up the phone on Monday.
The newspaper next Sunday will be important.
An unexpected plan will hatch on Tuesday, involving people you haven’t thought of in a while.
Keep your eye out for unusual bugs next week.
You will receive an exciting job opportunity next week.
You will be asked for help this week. It is wise to help them.
You will plant a garden soon.
You will find an unexpected treasure on Sunday.
Somebody will lie to you on Wednesday.
A friend will betray you this week.
A friend will help you out with something this week.
You will receive that package you thought had been lost in the mail next week.
Remember to take out the trash.

